Update policy name formula part to match user facing term "workspace" (#62863)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/expensify-classic/spending-insights/Export-Expenses-And-Reports.md

| Expenses Count | Is the number of total expenses on the report of this specific expense.|
| {report:expensescount} | Would output 10 assuming that there were 10 expenses on the given report for this expense.|
| Workspace Name | Is the name of the workspace applied to the report.|

> | {report:workspacename} or {report:policyname} | Would output Sales assuming that the given report was under a workspace named Sales.|

Reviewer: Can we please use `{report:workspaceName}` for the main example and then add another row below with the formula `{report:policyName}` and a description "Same as the workspace name. Policy is an older term for workspace"?

I think using camelCase makes it a little more clear and it will work since parts are always lowercased before comparison.

| Expenses Count | Is the number of total expenses on the report of this specific expense.|
| {report:expensescount} | Would output 10 assuming that there were 10 expenses on the given report for this expense.|
| Workspace Name | Is the name of the workspace applied to the report.|

> | {report:workspaceName} | Would output Sales assuming that the given report was under a workspace named Sales.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {report:workspaceName} | Would output Sales assuming that the given report was under a workspace named Sales. Same as policy name. Workspace is the marketing term used in the UI |
```

> | {report:policyName} | Same as the workspace name. Policy is an older term for workspace.|

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| {report:policyName} | Same as the workspace name. Policy is the internal term for workspace.|
```

> | {report:policyName} | Same as the workspace name. Policy is the internal term for workspace.|

Reviewer: @MariaHCD I don't think we need to say it's the same as the policy name, if we say that the policy name below is the same as the workspace name. I also wouldn't say it's the marketing term, or the internal term as we say below, because this is a user facing documentation page and I don't think we want to confuse people with the idea that both of these terms are still used.

Users shouldn't even know about the term "policy", unless they have used Expensify for a long time.

So let's say "Would output Sales assuming that the given report was under a workspace named Sales.". For the example below, "Same as the workspace name. Policy is an older term for workspace".

As another option, we could remove {report:policyName} from the documentation entirely, but since we support both I think this is most helpful.

Reviewer 2: Ah, fair points - I agree with your suggestions for the copy 👍🏼
